config/README.md, before:

# Raspberry Pi Config for HSDPA GSM USB Dongle 3G Modem

Settings up a 3G HSDPA USB Dongle (like [this one](https://www.aliexpress.com/item/7-2Mbps-External-Mobile-Broadband-Unlocked-Universal-Wireless-HSUPA-HSDPA-GSM-USB-Dongle-3G-Modem-Support/32851914363.html)) on a Raspberry Pi

## Instructions

1. Run the following commands:

```bash
apt-get update
apt-get install wvdial usb-modeswitch
```

2. Copy [wvdial.conf](wvdial.conf) to `/etc/wvdial.conf` 

3. Copy [wvdial.service](wvdial.service) to `/etc/systemd/system/wvdial.service`

4. Copy [50-hsdpa-usb.rules](50-hsdpa-usb.rules) to `/etc/udev/rules.d/50-hsdpa-usb.rules`

5. Insert a SIM card into your 3G dongle and then plug it into the Raspberry Pi. You should be connected to the internet in about 30 seconds.

## Troubleshooting

Look for logs in `/var/log/syslog`. In particular, it should contain entries similar to these:

```
usb 1-1.2: New USB device found, idVendor=174c, idProduct=55aa
usb 1-1.2: New USB device strings: Mfr=2, Product=3, SerialNumber=1
usb 1-1.2: Product: ASMT1051
usb 1-1.2: Manufacturer: asmedia
usb 1-1.2: SerialNumber: 123456789012
usb-storage 1-1.2:1.0: USB Mass Storage device detected
usb-storage 1-1.2:1.0: Quirks match for vid 174c pid 55aa: 400000
...
usbcore: registered new interface driver option
usbserial: USB Serial support registered for GSM modem (1-port)
option 1-1.5:1.0: GSM modem (1-port) converter detected
usb 1-1.5: GSM modem (1-port) converter now attached to ttyUSB0
...
wvdial[461]: --> Initializing modem.
wvdial[461]: --> Sending: ATZ
wvdial[461]: ATZ
wvdial[461]: OK
wvdial[461]: --> Sending: ATQ0 V1 E1 S0=0 &C1 &D2 +FCLASS=0
wvdial[461]: ATQ0 V1 E1 S0=0 &C1 &D2 +FCLASS=0
wvdial[461]: OK
wvdial[461]: --> Modem initialized.
wvdial[461]: --> Sending: ATDT*99#
wvdial[461]: --> Waiting for carrier.
wvdial[461]: ATDT*99#
wvdial[461]: CONNECT 7200000
wvdial[461]: --> Carrier detected.  Starting PPP immediately.
wvdial[461]: --> Starting pppd at Sat Jul 21 13:28:46 2018
...
pppd[25826]: pppd 2.4.7 started by root, uid 0
pppd[25826]: Using interface ppp0
pppd[25826]: Connect: ppp0 <--> /dev/ttyUSB0
pppd[25826]: CHAP authentication succeeded
pppd[25826]: CHAP authentication succeeded
pppd[25826]: Could not determine remote IP address: defaulting to 10.64.64.64
pppd[25826]: local  IP address 10.204.123.25
pppd[25826]: remote IP address 10.64.64.64
pppd[25826]: primary   DNS address 82.102.139.20
pppd[25826]: secondary DNS address 82.102.139.10
```

You can also view the connection status by running:

```shell
sudo systemctl service wvdial status
```

or display the full service log using:

```shell
sudo journalctl -u wvdial
```

You can also try to run `wvdial` manually if it fails within systemd.

Commit message:

docs: add "Testing your connection" section

config/README.md, after:

# Raspberry Pi Config for HSDPA GSM USB Dongle 3G Modem

Settings up a 3G HSDPA USB Dongle (like [this one](https://www.aliexpress.com/item/7-2Mbps-External-Mobile-Broadband-Unlocked-Universal-Wireless-HSUPA-HSDPA-GSM-USB-Dongle-3G-Modem-Support/32851914363.html)) on a Raspberry Pi

## Instructions

1. Run the following commands:

```bash
apt-get update
apt-get install wvdial usb-modeswitch
```

2. Copy [wvdial.conf](wvdial.conf) to `/etc/wvdial.conf` 

3. Copy [wvdial.service](wvdial.service) to `/etc/systemd/system/wvdial.service`

4. Copy [50-hsdpa-usb.rules](50-hsdpa-usb.rules) to `/etc/udev/rules.d/50-hsdpa-usb.rules`

5. Insert a SIM card into your 3G dongle and then plug it into the Raspberry Pi. You should be connected to the internet in about 30 seconds.

## Testing your connection

If you are connected to your Raspberry Pi over WiFi or Ethernet and want to test the PPP connection without first disconnecting the Pi from the other network, you can run the following command:

```shell
ping -i ppp0 www.google.com
```

## Troubleshooting

Look for logs in `/var/log/syslog`. In particular, it should contain entries similar to these:

```
usb 1-1.2: New USB device found, idVendor=174c, idProduct=55aa
usb 1-1.2: New USB device strings: Mfr=2, Product=3, SerialNumber=1
usb 1-1.2: Product: ASMT1051
usb 1-1.2: Manufacturer: asmedia
usb 1-1.2: SerialNumber: 123456789012
usb-storage 1-1.2:1.0: USB Mass Storage device detected
usb-storage 1-1.2:1.0: Quirks match for vid 174c pid 55aa: 400000
...
usbcore: registered new interface driver option
usbserial: USB Serial support registered for GSM modem (1-port)
option 1-1.5:1.0: GSM modem (1-port) converter detected
usb 1-1.5: GSM modem (1-port) converter now attached to ttyUSB0
...
wvdial[461]: --> Initializing modem.
wvdial[461]: --> Sending: ATZ
wvdial[461]: ATZ
wvdial[461]: OK
wvdial[461]: --> Sending: ATQ0 V1 E1 S0=0 &C1 &D2 +FCLASS=0
wvdial[461]: ATQ0 V1 E1 S0=0 &C1 &D2 +FCLASS=0
wvdial[461]: OK
wvdial[461]: --> Modem initialized.
wvdial[461]: --> Sending: ATDT*99#
wvdial[461]: --> Waiting for carrier.
wvdial[461]: ATDT*99#
wvdial[461]: CONNECT 7200000
wvdial[461]: --> Carrier detected.  Starting PPP immediately.
wvdial[461]: --> Starting pppd at Sat Jul 21 13:28:46 2018
...
pppd[25826]: pppd 2.4.7 started by root, uid 0
pppd[25826]: Using interface ppp0
pppd[25826]: Connect: ppp0 <--> /dev/ttyUSB0
pppd[25826]: CHAP authentication succeeded
pppd[25826]: CHAP authentication succeeded
pppd[25826]: Could not determine remote IP address: defaulting to 10.64.64.64
pppd[25826]: local  IP address 10.204.123.25
pppd[25826]: remote IP address 10.64.64.64
pppd[25826]: primary   DNS address 82.102.139.20
pppd[25826]: secondary DNS address 82.102.139.10
```

You can also view the connection status by running:

```shell
sudo systemctl service wvdial status
```

or display the full service log using:

```shell
sudo journalctl -u wvdial
```

You can also try to run `wvdial` manually if it fails within systemd.
